University of Southern California (Los Angeles, CA): Not to be outdone by the LSU tiger, a USC Trojan warrior mounts their mascot, which can only be described as a noble steed, to amp up fans. Sporting events are a sea of cardinal and gold while the Trojans take on what is literally a warrior attitude. Maybe it's the sun, maybe it's the horse, but these fans know how to support a school.
The University of Alabama (Tuscaloosa, AL): "Rammer Jammer, Yellow Hammer, give 'em hell, Alabama!" If you know what this means, then you already understand the intense school spirit of the Crimson Tide. If you don't understand, then join the club.
University of Michigan &#8212; Ann Arbor (Ann Arbor, MI): There's no school spirit quite like a crowd of 109,901 fans singing and clapping a fight song in unison. Wolverine fans show their devotion by wearing maize, banging cowbells, and hating all things Ohio. Go Blue.
Pennsylvania State University &#8212; University Park (University Park, PA): Nittany Lions fans are the absolute winners of the White Out. Surprising that the most visually impressive allegiance to a school comes from the absence of color . . . when all of Beaver Stadium dresses in white. It looks a little bit like Christmas.
Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, LA): Don't be alarmed, but the LSU mascot is an actual live tiger. His name is Mike and he weighs 450 pounds. I should think that students' loyalty to the school need not be questioned considering they willfully fill up a stadium that also houses a Siberian-Bengal tiger. So much spirit.
University of Florida (Gainesville, FL): Another singing school! Gators fans sing "We Are the Boys from Old Florida" to rally together, especially after every third quarter of a football game. Die-hard fans, UF students perform the "Gator Chomp" with their arms, which looks a little unreal in mass of blue and orange.
University of Notre Dame (Notre Dame, IN): Visit Notre Dame and see "Touchdown Jesus," the mural of Jesus with raised arms near the football stadium, beloved by Notre Dame fans. The Fighting Irish go all out in green to show their support, which is never more evident than when students sing "Notre Dame, Our Mother" at the end of every football game.
The Ohio State University &#8212; Columbus (Columbus, OH): Another botanical mascot, Brutus Buckeye leads the Ohio State Buckeye fans. Even more notable than their mascot, though, is their shock-and-awe marching band that kills the halftime show time and time and time again. Half of the Michigan-Ohio State rivalry that literally divides families.
Stanford University (Stanford, CA): Dressed head to toe in cardinal and white, Stanford fans have so much spirit that they don't even need a mascot. Well, not officially anyway. Unofficially, fans support the Stanford Tree, a walking, talking redwood tree that is surprisingly goofy and delightful.
The University of Texas at Austin (Austin, TX): University of Texas students find ways to incorporate longhorns everywhere. On helmets, hats, and shirts, with a trademark hand gesture, or with their actual longhorn steer mascot, Bevo (now Bevo XIV), that makes appearances on game days.
Indiana University Bloomington (Bloomington, IN): Most intense during basketball season, Hoosiers show typical Midwest manners until you insult their school. Then it¿s all "Go Big Red!"
Auburn University (Auburn, AL): Auburn fans show school spirit by toilet papering what is called Toomer's Corner and hating everything about the University of Alabama. Also by wearing orange and blue tiger stripes.
University of California &#8212; Los Angeles (Los Angeles, CA): Like most Californians, UCLA fans are happy, proud, and spirited. Watch out for the "Eight Clap," an elaborate cheer cherished by the students and alumni. You'll get the hang of it. Maybe.
Oregon State University (Corvallis, OR): No, it's not Halloween. It's just the orange and black crowd of Oregon State Beavers showing their support. Fans are most crazy during the Civil War, the football game between Oregon State and Oregon, and I'm sure just as important as that other war you were thinking of.
United States Naval Academy (Annapolis, MD): The Naval Academy takes two of the biggest passions--school and country--and wraps them into one. One half of the infamous Army-Navy game (consult this countdown so you won't miss it), this school shows mad spirit. I mean, you haven't seen game day uniformity until you've seen it conducted with military precision. It's serious.