California Lutheran University (Thousand Oaks, CA): Previously focused primarily on its low-key suburban surroundings, CLU has recently turned its attention to the greater Los Angeles area. This has resulted in a new wave of adjunct faulty and curricula as well as a revitalized energy on campus, sparked by the wealth of opportunities available in this major metropolis.
California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo (San Luis Obispo, CA): Located in the great college town of San Luis Obispo, Cal Poly SLO combines small class sizes with a focus on hands-on learning.
Saint Mary's College of California (Moraga, CA): With a beautiful campus in a small suburban location, St. Mary's offers a community of friendly students and a welcoming vibe, as well as easy access to nearby San Francisco should the campus ever feel too confining.
Sonoma State University (Rohnert Park, CA): Sonoma is situated just north of San Francisco in beautiful Sonoma, a small-size city with a hometown feel. With its dedicated faculty, excellent resources for students with learning disabilities, and attractive dorms, the university is a pleasant exception to the commuter college reputation of the California State University System. In addition to a vibrant residential community and incredible natural surroundings, CSU Sonoma offers a generous admission policy.
University of California, Riverside (Riverside, CA): Because of UC Riverside's relatively low number of graduate students, faculty here are more dedicated to undergraduate learning than is typical at other University of California campuses. Additionally, UC Riverside has an incredible engineering program that is accessible to a B/B- student.
University of Redlands (Redlands, CA): Located in a lovely town in a beautiful part of Southern California, Redlands provides a range of resources for students with learning disabilities. The University's Johnston Center for Integrative Studies enables students to design their own majors.
Whittier College (Whittier, CA): Its comfortable, medium-sized campus in a beautiful setting near Los Angeles is only part of Whittier's appeal. The college also offers generous merit aid, and its admission are friend to the B student.