Bradley University (Peoria, IL): High school transcript required of applicants with fewer than 24 transferable semester hours.
Chamberlain College of Nursing (Addison, IL): Students requesting transfer credit from other accredited institutions must submit official transcript prior to initial registration. Transfer of nursing credits from another accredited nursing program are considered on an individual basis.
Chamberlain College of Nursing &#8212; Chicago (Chicago, IL): Incoming students requesting transfer credits from another accredited institution must submit official transcripts prior to initial registration. Transfer of nursing credits from another accredited nursing program are considered on an individual basis.
Elmhurst College (Elmhurst, IL): Courses are accepted in transfer if they were earned at a regionally accredited college or university and are either comparable to courses offered at the school or commonly regarded as study in the liberal arts.
Governors State University (University Park, IL): All students enter as transfers.
Illinois College (Jacksonville, IL): At least 24 of final 30 semester hours must be completed at the school to earn a bachelor's degree. Minimum 2.5 GPA required for most recent semester of college-level coursework.
MacMurray College (Jacksonville, IL): Minimum composite ACT score of 20, minimum 2.5 GPA, and minimum grade of C in all nursing/nursing support courses and in microbiology and organic chemistry required of transfer applicants to nursing program.
Millikin University (Decatur, IL): Entry into a specific program may required a minimum GPA at a certain point in the course of study. Letter grades of accepted courses are not calculated into the Millikin overall GPA. Applicants are required to fulfill general education and all other requirements.
National&#8211;Louis University (Chicago, IL): Two letters of recommendation required of transfer applicants.
North Central College (Naperville, IL): Minimum composite ACT score of 20 required of transfer applicants with fewer than 27 transferable quarter hours.
Quincy University (Quincy, IL): High school transcript is required if applicant has completed fewer than 24 semester hours.
Rockford University (Rockford, IL): Students entering under compact agreements through Illinois Articulation Initiative receive junior standing and all coursework transfers, including grades of D.
Roosevelt University (Chicago, IL): Audition required for admission to the College of Performing Arts.
Rush University (Chicago, IL): Successful completion of prerequisite course work required.
Southern Illinois University &#8212; Carbondale (Carbondale, IL): Transfer students must earn 42 semester hours at the 300-400 level at a four-year institution with the last 30 semester hours earned from the school to earn a bachelor's degree.
St. Anthony College of Nursing (Rockford, IL): Students may submit transcripts from colleges and universities to receive a transfer evaluation prior to application.
St. John's College (Springfield, IL): All transfer students enter as juniors. All transfer students enter as juniors. At least 24 semester hours must be completed at the school to earn a bachelor's degree.
Trinity Christian College (Palos Heights, IL): Transcripts and standardized test scores required of transfer applicants with fewer than 24 semester hours.
Trinity College of Nursing & Health Sciences (Rock Island, IL): Transfer credit policies vary by program.
University of Chicago (Chicago, IL): At least 18 quarter hours and two academic years must be completed at the school to earn a bachelor's degree.