Averett University (Danville, VA): Math placement test required of applicants not transferring math credits; Nelson Denny reading test required for students not transferring English credits with SAT critical reading score less than 500 or ACT composite score less than 22. Writing essay tes
Christopher Newport University (Newport News, VA): Standardized test scores required of applicants who graduated secondary school withing past five years.
College of William and Mary (Williamsburg, VA): Articulation agreements with Richard Bland Coll and Virginia community colleges.
Ferrum College (Ferrum, VA): Transfer students must satisfy speaking and writing intensive requirements.
George Mason University (Fairfax, VA): High school transcript and SAT Reasoning/ACT scores required of applicants with fewer than 30 transferable credits.
Marymount University (Arlington, VA): One letter of recommendation required. Transfer applicants with fewer than 30 semester hours must meet freshman admission requirements. Additional requirements for nursing and international applicants.
Radford University (Radford, VA): High school algebra I, algebra II, and geometry or transferable college math courses required.
Randolph College (Lynchburg, VA): Courses accepted for transfer credit must be appropriate for a liberal arts curriculum.
Regent University (Virginia Beach, VA): Maximum 45 ACE credits may be transferred; up to 30 of these credits can be from CLEP.
Shenandoah University (Winchester, VA): Secondary school transcript required of applicants with fewer than 24 transferable semester hours; standardized test scores required of applicants out of secondary school less than two years.
Sweet Briar College (Sweet Briar, VA): Students transferring from four-year or junior colleges accredited by the appropriate regional association will receive tentative credit for courses in which a grade of C- or better has been obtained and which satisfy the aims of liberal arts courses. Other restrictions may apply.
University of Mary Washington (Fredericksburg, VA): At least half of major requirements and 15 of final 21 semester hours must be completed at the school to earn a degree.
University of Virginia &#8212; Wise (Wise, VA): Articulation agreements with Virginia Community College system and select out-of-state community colleges.
Virginia Commonwealth University (Richmond, VA): Guaranteed Admission Agreement with Virginia Comm Coll System.
Virginia State University (Petersburg, VA): Transfer students from junior or community colleges must complete at least 60 semester hours at a four-year institution to earn a degree.