Calvary Bible College and Theological Seminary (Kansas City, MO): No more than 12 semester hours of AP and/or CLEP credits may be transferred.
Chamberlain College of Nursing &#8212; St. Louis (St. Louis, MO): Incoming students requesting transfer credit from another accredited institution must submit official transcripts prior to initial registration. Transfer of nursing credits from another accredited nursing program are considered on an individual basis.
Maryville University of St. Louis (St. Louis, MO): High school transcripts required for transfer students with less than 30 transferable hours or for admission to certain programs.
Missouri Southern State University (Joplin, MO): Applicant must be in good standing at institution from which he or she is transferring.
Rockhurst University (Kansas City, MO): Minimum grade of  C- accepted for but may not be used to satisfy upper-division major or minor requirements.
St. Louis University (St. Louis, MO): Admission requirements may vary by school or college.
Stephens College (Columbia, MO): Articulation agreements with in-state community colleges.
Truman State University (Kirksville, MO): High school transcripts required of transfer applicants with fewer than 24 semester hours.
University of Central Missouri (Warrensburg, MO): Transfer credits must be earned at an approved accredited institution.
University of Missouri &#8212; Columbia (Columbia, MO): Minimum grade of 'C' required in college algebra and English.
University of Missouri&#8212;St. Louis (St. Louis, MO): Students holding A.A. degrees with a minimum 2.0 GPA from Missouri institutions are admitted with junior standing through CBHE agreement.
Washington University in St. Louis (St. Louis, MO): Letters of recommendation from dean's office and at least one academic instructor required. At least 30 semester hours of upper-level coursework required for School of Engineering programs.
Webster University (St. Louis, MO): Audition or interview required of art, dance, film production, music, and theateR program applicants.
William Woods University (Fulton, MO): Transferable credits must be comparable to school's offerings and be from regionally accredited schools.