Bentley University (Waltham, MA): Mid-year progress report and two letters of recommendation from professors and/or employers required.
Berklee College of Music (Boston, MA): Audition required.
Boston Architectural College (Boston, MA): Minimum grade of 'B' required in math and physics courses. Portfolio required for design courses.
Boston University (Boston, MA): Two letters of recommendation and transfer student status report required. College of Fine Arts candidates must present portfolio or participate in audition.
College of the Holy Cross (Worcester, MA): Letters of recommendation required.
Curry College (Milton, MA): Articulation agreement with Massasoit Community College.
Framingham State University (Framingham, MA): Joint admission program with in-state community colleges.
Gordon College (Wenham, MA): Transfer courses must be earned at regionally accredited colleges or universities and be comparable to courses offered at the school.
Harvard University (Cambridge, MA): Credit for work done at another college or university is granted on an individual basis upon acceptance. Maximum amount of credit allowed eight year-long courses. Other requirements apply.
Hebrew College (Newton Centre, MA): All students enter as transfers. No freshmen admitted.
Hellenic College (Brookline, MA): High school transcript and SAT Reasoning/ACT scores waived for transfer applicants with more than 24 credits.
Longy School of Music (Cambridge, MA): Transfer credits in music theory and secondary piano subject to verification by examination at orientation.
Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts (North Adams, MA): Transfer admissions available through Mass Transfer Compact.
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (Cambridge, MA): Transfer applicants must have at least two but not more than five semesters of college coursework at the time of enrollment. Transfer credit is assessed by each academic department on a course-by-course basis. Only U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
Massachusetts Maritime Academy (Buzzards Bay, MA): 12 to 23 credits may be transferred with minimum 2.5 college GPA; 23 credits may be transferred with minimum 2.0 college GPA if applicant meets freshman admission requirements.
Mount Holyoke College (South Hadley, MA): Up to 12 credits for non-liberal arts courses may be transferred.
New England Conservatory of Music (Boston, MA): Composition and music education degree program applicants not admitted after sophomore year.
Nichols College (Dudley, MA): Articulation agreements with several community colleges.
Northeastern University (Boston, MA): Transfer students evaluated on an individual basis with an emphasis on college record. High school record considered. SAT Reasoning or ACT scores required of transfer applicants with less than one year of college.
Pine Manor College (Chestnut Hill, MA): Articulation agreements with two-year schools.
Regis College (Weston, MA): Letter of recommendation required.
Salem State University (Salem, MA): Some majors require higher GPA. Applicants must submit resume or work history if no courses have been taken within the past three years.
Stonehill College (Easton, MA): Course descriptions and financial aid transcripts from all previously attended institutions required. Courses must be 3 or more credits and similar in scope and content to Stonehill courses in order to receive transfer credit.
University of Massachusetts Amherst (Amherst, MA): Students who earn associate degrees through the Commonwealth Transfer Compact from Massachusetts community colleges are guaranteed at least 60 transfer credits and completion of general education requirements.
University of Massachusetts Boston (Boston, MA): Students may not take courses at another institution without permission once enrolled.
University of Massachusetts at Dartmouth (North Dartmouth, MA): Articulation agreements with in-state community colleges (Mass Transfer).
Westfield State University (Westfield, MA): Students transferring under terms of the Massachusetts Commonwealth Transfer Compact or Massachusetts Joint Admission Program may transfer grades of 'D.'
Wheaton College (Norton, MA): Mid-term evaluation, two recommendations, and dean's report required.
Williams College (Williamstown, MA): Dean's report and two letters of recommendation from faculty members required.
Worcester Polytechnic Institute (Worcester, MA): All transfer students must complete project requirements.