Agnes Scott College (Decatur, GA): Recommendation from college professor required.
Albany State University (Albany, GA): High school transcript and test scores may be required if applicant has less than 30 transferable semester hours.
Brewton&#8211;Parker College (Mount Vernon, GA): Transfer agreements.
Clark Atlanta University (Atlanta, GA): Eight-year restriction on accepting previously earned credits. Transfer grades not computed in GPA.
Columbus State University (Columbus, GA): A maximum of 60 credit hours from non-traditional sources (standardized tests, military service experience, etc.) will be awarded.
Covenant College (Lookout Mountain, GA): Students on academic probation at other institutions may be considered for admission on an individual basis. Limited number of units transferable from non-accredited institutions.
Georgia College and State University (Milledgeville, GA): Minimum required transfer GPA varies by major.
Georgia Institute of Technology (Atlanta, GA): Satisfactory grades and academic standing for last term of enrollment at prior school required. GPA and completion of pre-requisite course work based on intended major. Minimum 2.7 GPA required for most majors for Georgia residents, 3.0 for non-residents, 
Georgia Southern University (Statesboro, GA): Maximum of 30 semester hours of correspondence (including Advance Placement, CLEP, DANTES, military credit, etc.) may be accepted; maximum of 24 semester hours for International Baccalaureate credit may be accepted.
Kennesaw State University (Kennesaw, GA): Minimum grade of C in freshman English and all major courses required.
Mercer University (Macon, GA): Admission requirements and polices vary by program.
Paine College (Augusta, GA): Applicants with fewer than 28 transferable semester hours must meet freshmen admission requirements.
Point University (West Point, GA): Secondary school transcript and standardized test scores required of applicants with fewer than 12 transferable semester hours.
Savannah State University (Savannah, GA): Transfer applicants must have completed at least two college English courses and one college math course with a minimum grade of C.
Truett&#8211;McConnell College (Cleveland, GA): Credit not granted for grades of 'D' or lower in English 101 or English 102. Minimum grade of 'C' required in some major courses and major course pre-requisites. Six to eight semester hours with minimum grade of 'D' may be accepted with 2.0 GPA.
University of Georgia (Athens, GA): Minimum 3.2 transfer GPA required for sophomores with 30 to 59 completed semester hours; minimum 2.8 GPA required of students with a minimum of 60 completed semester hours. Students admitted based on space availability.
University of West Georgia (Carrollton, GA): Minimum 2.0 transfer GPA, completion of required remedial college coursework, completion of any required College Preparatory Curriculum deficiency, and eligibility to return to last college attended required of applicants with more than 30 semester hours 