Berkeley College &#8212; New York (New York, NY): Credits must be from regionally accredited institution; credits are translated to quarter system.
CUNY &#8212; Baruch College (New York, NY): All transfer applicants must pass skills tests in writing, math and reading. Transfer applicants from CUNY colleges with at least 60 credits must complete the CUNY Proficiency Examination.
CUNY &#8212; Hunter College (New York, NY): Some upper-division programs have additional requirements.
CUNY &#8212; Queens College (Flushing, NY): Priority given to applicants with associate degrees.
Canisius College (Buffalo, NY): Articulation agreements with many two-year schools.
Clarkson University (Potsdam, NY): Two letters of recommendation (one from academic professor or instructor) required. One college-level calculus course required of engineering and some other program applicants.
Cornell University (Ithaca, NY): Transfer requirements vary by college.
Daemen College (Amherst, NY): Placement tests in reading and composition waived if minimum grade B was achieved in college-level courses. Placement test in math waived if applicant has satisfied math requirements for core and major coursework. High school transcripts may not be required.
Dominican College of Blauvelt (Orangeburg, NY): High school transcript required of applicants with fewer than 24 college credits.
Long Island University &#8212; C.W. Post Campus (Brookville, NY): Articulation agreements with local community colleges.
Manhattan School of Music (New York, NY): Music courses must be validated through examinations; only elective credits will transfer.
Nazareth College of Rochester (Rochester, NY): Portfolio review or audition required of visual/performing arts applicants.
New York Institute of Technology (Old Westbury, NY): Grades of D accepted for courses applied toward a completed associate degree. Transfer applicants to occupational therapy, physical therapy, and physician assistant programs must meet higher requirements.
New York University (New York, NY): Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development offers articulation agreement with metropolitan New York City area community colleges.
SUNY &#8212; Binghamton (Binghamton, NY): Selectivity varies by program from very high to moderate. All applications reviewed on an individual basis with most emphasis placed on quality and grades of most recent college course work.
SUNY &#8212; College of Environmental Science and Forestry (Syracuse, NY): Official high school transcript or GED required prior to enrollment. Credits transfer but grades and GPAs do not.
SUNY &#8212; Cortland (Cortland, NY): Applicants holding associate degrees may transfer grades of D.
SUNY &#8212; Downstate Medical Center (Brooklyn, NY): Requirements vary by undergraduate program.
SUNY &#8212; New Paltz (New Paltz, NY): Transfer applicants must apply directly to major of choice.
SUNY &#8212; Old Westbury (Old Westbury, NY): Transfer students must meet the school's general education requirements and demonstrate mastery in English and math before registering for upper-division courses.
SUNY &#8212; Oswego (Oswego, NY): Gap essay required if applicant took time off between schools or semesters.
SUNY &#8212; Potsdam (Potsdam, NY): Minimum 2.25 GPA recommended for admission to majority of majors; minimum 2.5 GPA required of education program applicants.
SUNY &#8212; Stony Brook (Stony Brook, NY): Priority and full credit given to transfer students holding associate degrees from community colleges within the SUNY and CUNY systems.
SUNY &#8212; Upstate Medical University (Syracuse, NY): Nursing program transfer applicants must have associate degree in nursing.
SUNY College &#8211; Oneonta (Oneonta, NY): Minimum 2.8 GPA required of transfer applicants in education majors. Grades of D- or better may be accepted from students who transfer from another SUNY four-year institution and from students who transfer from any institution with an associate degree.
SUNY College &#8212; Brockport (Brockport, NY): Minimum 3.0 GPA required of nursing program transfer applicants.
Sarah Lawrence College (Bronxville, NY): Two faculty evaluations required.
Skidmore College (Saratoga Springs, NY): Strong record of achievement in liberal arts courses, mid-term grade report, and one professor recommendation required.
St. John's University (Queens, NY): Minimum required GPA varies by program.
St. Joseph's College New York &#8212; Suffolk (Patchogue, NY): Minimum 2.8 GPA required of child study and secondary education program applicants.
The College of St. Rose (Albany, NY): Credit granted through IB credits and University in High School  programs.  Credit for college-level learning may be earned through Experienced Adult Program (EAP).
The Cooper Union (New York, NY): Portfolio and hometest required of architecture and art program transfer applicants.
The New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music (New York, NY): Maximum of 18 semester hours in liberal arts and 12 in music history may be transferred.
The Sage Colleges (Troy, NY): Statement of intended major and letters of recommendation required.
United States Merchant Marine Academy (Kings Point, NY): All transfer students must complete the entire four-year program at the school. There are no transfers in the traditional sense into advanced (sophomore, junior, senior) class years. All students start as freshmen/4th-Classmen/Plebe Candidates.
United States Military Academy (West Point, NY): Students in college or with previous college credit may apply if they meet the basic requirements but will still enter the school as plebes (freshmen) and must complete the four-year program.
Webb Institute (Glen Cove, NY): All transfers enter as freshmen; no credit given for courses taken elsewhere.