Berry College (Mount Berry, GA): This small liberal arts college founded on Christian values is set in rural northeast Georgia, about 75 miles from Atlanta on the world's largest college campus (27,000 acres). Berry encourages on-campus student employment as well as community service and offers extensive academic support for students with learning disabilities and good scholarships for high-achieving students.
Georgia College (Milledgeville, GA): This public liberal arts college in the beautiful college town of Milledgeville features a full liberal arts curriculum.
Georgia Southern University (Statesboro, GA): Located in rural Georgia (approximately three hours south of Atlanta), Georgia Southern has been named one of the top fashion merchandising schools in the United States, holding the ninth spot in the "Top 15 Fashion Schools in the South."
Georgia State University (Atlanta, GA): This rapidly growing, up-and-coming diverse university in downtown Atlanta is transitioning from a commuter campus to a traditional one. Georgia State is building new dorms and recently received a large grant to start a film, music, and game design program.
Mercer University (Macon, GA): Mercers provides great scholarships and fosters amazing relationships among faculty and students. Among the university's most impressive aspects are its excellent medical school and law school feeder programs.
Oglethorpe University (Atlanta, GA): With a campus dominated by gothic architecture and nestled just outside the Atlanta city limits, Oglethorpe offers the kind of setting that many students may not want to leave, but this university guarantees that its students will graduate in four years or the fifth year is free. Students at Oglethorpe can intern locally in leading top-tier companies and be known by each professor by name.
Toccoa Falls College (Toccoa Falls, GA): Nestled in the foothills of the Northeast Georgia mountains, this small, Christian liberal arts college is ideally situated for outdoor activity while offering a taste of big cities (Atlanta and Greenville) just over an hour away. Particularly strong are the college's programs in sports management and outdoor leadership and education.