Hawaii Pacific University (Honolulu, HI): HPU, a private university in Honolulu, has undergone tremendous growth in the last 20 years. In addition to strong programs in business, nursing, and the liberal arts, HPU is the only college in Hawaii that offers undergraduate degrees in marine biology and marine science. The university is famous for its low cost--$35,000 a year for tuition, room, and board. HPU dorms are located in oceanfront properties in downtown Honolulu and Waikiki beach. The college has unusually high number of foreign students due to its aggressive recruitment in European countries. Courses and classes are very flexible, with courses available on campus, at satellite campuses, and online. One unique aspect of HPU class scheduling is flexibility to work around a student's schedule by offering classes during the dat, at night, and on weekends; three summer semesters and one winter break semester allow students to speed up credit completion. The main campus location in downtown Honolulu makes attending classes while working that much easier.
University of Hawaii at Hilo (Hilo, HI): Located in the small town of Hilo on the big island of Hawaii, UHH offers a solid liberal arts program. The campus is also home to a new Pharmacy School where students can obtain a pharmacy degree in three years. Low cost and a beautiful natural environment make UHH a wonderful alternative for students who want to get away from the big city and enjoy incredible recreational outdoor activities.
University of Hawaii at Manoa (Honolulu, HI): Reasonable tuition costs, high admission rate, and location make UH very attractive. The major state university of Hawaii, UH is a member of the Western Undergraduate Exchange, which allows students in eligible western states to request reduced tuition costs. Additionally, UH's eight community college campuses offer one of the lowest tuitions in the nation for both in-state and out-of-state students. UH boasts a Law School, Business School, and Medical School as well as programs in architecture and public health and is famous for its astronomy, marine science, and Asian language programs as well as its high population of minority students. With a study abroad program that is particularly strong in Asian countries, UH is a top choice for anyone who would like to study in an Asian country but wants to obtain a US bachelor's degree.