Augsburg College (Minneapolis, MN): Located in the heart of the Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul and next door to the University of Minnesota campus, Augsburg is a small liberal arts college that offers outstanding support for students with learning disabilities, amazing opportunities for first-generation students, and one of the most noted sober living programs in the nation.
College of St. Benedict (St. Joseph, MN): By sharing each other's resources and creating an open and collaborative community, these two separate universities give students double the college experience for the price of a single admission. St. Benedict/St. John's U are among the top 10 schools sending students abroad.
Gustavus Adolphus College (St. Peter, MN): The college's Lutheran and Swedish heritage make up a huge part of the student experience, giving Gustavus Adolphus a distinctive and welcoming environment. The college hosts the annual Nobel Conference, which focuses on bringing cutting-edge science issues to both students and interested members of the surrounding community.
Hamline University (St. Paul, MN): Another notable Twin Cities institution, Hamline focuses on hands-on education, with 100% of its students completing and internship, collaborative research, service learning project, or field-based research.
St. Mary's University of Minnesota (Winona, MN): From a pretty setting in southern Minnesota, St. Mary's offers both liberal arts and pre-professional programs for B/B- students. Its excellent Division III sports do well in the very competitive Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference.
University of Minnesota &#8212; Morris (Morris, MN): Two hours west of the Twin Cities, the UMN Morris is a branch of the University of Minnesota, only much smaller and friendlier than the Twin Cities campus. By offering greater access to professors, UMN Morris is able to provide a small, liberal arts college experience. The university is home to the funky, granola-y, artsy students often associated with such private schools as Beloit, Macalester, and Knox, but without the hefty price tag. Additionally, UMN Morris students enjoy the professors, library system, and research opportunities of UMN Morris's flagship sibling in the Twin Cities. Admission-friendly, UMN Morris has also been designated an A+ school for B students.