Alma College (Alma, MI): Alma uses a 4-4-1 academic calendar (fall and winter semesters of approximately 14 weeks each, followed by a one-month spring term in May). During their matriculation, students are required to take two spring term courses, one of which must cross geographical, cultural, or disciplinary boundaries.
Bates College (Lewiston, ME): The Short Term is a five-week period of unusual courses (frequently conducted off campus) that cannot be accommodated during the regular semester.
Colorado College (Colorado Springs, CO): The academic calendar is organized around taking one class (or block) at a time, four blocks a semester, eight blocks per year. The College also offers a winter half-block and a summer session.
Cornell College (Mount Vernon, IA): At this block-plan school, students take one class for 18 days, three to four hours a day, Monday through Friday, followed by a break of four and a half days.
Dartmouth College (Hanover, NH): The D-Plan, Dartmouth's flexible year-round system, allows students to choose which terms to enroll. First-year students and seniors may be required to be on campus during certain terms; sophomores have a required on-campus summer.
Elmira College (Elmira, NY): In April and May, Term III is a six-week study opportunity that allows for off-campus learning such as study abroad and internships as well as in-depth exploration of a topic or immersion in a project.
Florida Southern College (Lakeland, FL): Summer sessions (varying from five to 10 weeks each) enable students to take courses online, work toward early graduation, or retake a class to improve their GPA.
Hanover College (Hanover, IN): Fall and winter terms last 17 to 18 weeks each, whereas spring term is only the month of May.
Kalamazoo College (Kalamazoo, MI): To accommodate experiential learning, the academic calendar provides blocks of time during which students can pursue career development, foreign study, internships, and research.
Maharishi University of Management (Fairfield, IA): The University operates on a 12-blocks-per-year system, with students taking one course per month, followed by a three-and-a-half-day rest between each block.
 class="name">Quest University  (Can): As at other block-plan schools, studying a single subject every day over a three-week-plus period allows students to focus on and explore an area in depth. With two 16-week semesters of four blocks each and two additional summer blocks, students have the flexibility to tailor their schedule to their needs and interests.
Tusculum College (Greeneville, TN): Under the Focused Calendar, another block plan, Tusculum students "live and breathe" every subject they study.
University of Montana &#8212; Western (Dillon, MT): With its Experience One program, Montana Western is the only public college in the nation where students take one course at a time.
Worcester Polytechnic Institute (Worcester, MA): The WPI academic calendar consists of six terms of approximately seven weeks each.