Ohio State University &#8212; Columbus (Columbus, OH): Got Buckeye Fever? There¿s an App for that. Fans of the Ohio State University athletics program know how to use mobile technology to their advantage. The University has several apps in the iPhone App Store that make it easy to keep track of team schedules, scores, stats, and even the lyrics to the Ohio State fight song. Three Ohio State computer science students even developed a school spirit app!
Seton Hill University (Greensburg, PA): Seton Hill recently initiated the Griffin Technology Advantage program, which aims to expose students to the technology they will need to use in the workplace upon graduation. All freshmen receive a MacBook laptop and an iPad. And no need to worry about outdated technology¿come junior year, the University will replace the laptop with a new one, and students will be able to take that computer with them when they graduate. 
Stanford University (Stanford, CA): Stanford launched a free iPhone application for students, iStanford, that provides a campus map, course catalog, and access to information about campus athletics. The app was developed by TerriblyClever, a company started by Stanford students, which was sold to online education management software giant Blackboard last year for about $4 million. The students continue to run the company while keeping up with their studies! 
University of Maryland, College Park (College Park, MD): The computer science department at UMD College Park recently introduced a three-credit course on iPhone programming. A former iPhone developer teaches the class, and students get real-world programming experience working with mobile technology. As a result, local and national companies have expressed interest in hiring students that have taken the class.
University of Missouri &#8212; Columbia (Columbia, MO): The University of Missouri has taken a different approach to the popular devices. The School of Journalism requires incoming freshman to have an iPod Touch or an iPhone. Students can still also access course materials on their computers. Mizzou also holds a student contest to develop, test, and market a new iPhone application. 